# Youtube Transcript Generator

## Purpose

The purpose of this project is to grab Youtube's autogenerated transcript data for a give video and format it in a way that someone can read it and understand everything that is going on without needing to watch or listen. 

## How does it work

The program accepts one of two inputs from the user; one youtube link or a txt file containing multiple links(one on each line.) Next, it uses chromedriver to open the link and scrapes key details such as the entire transcript and title using XPATH. After extracting the transcript, it downloads a csv with timestamps on one side and text on the other and inputs this data into the OpenAI API. The purpose of this is to use an LLM to determine through tones and questions and title of video, who is speaking at what point in the video. Finally, the output given by ChatGPT is put into a .txt file and can be found in the user's folder

## Set-Up Instructions

Before running 
- Install all the packages found in requirements.txt (pip install -r requirements.txt) 
- Enter unique OpenAI API key found at https://platform.openai.com/account/api-keys
- If planning on inputting .txt file, add file to local directory

## Use case

In reality, not many people may find this tool directly useful, however this program can be included in a bigger project if trying to extract and clean video data to train an LLM. One curious use case may be for deaf people as this way they don't have to keep up with the Youtube video subititles while watching, but can take their time reading the transcript knowning like a book.

## Improvements + Testing

There has been no testing to attest to the accuracy of the ChatGPT LLM at determining who is speaking based on textual clues. One improvement is to test this through a large data set of youtube videos. This may be difficult in practice as test data would have to be compared to a dataset with accurate transcripts. If ChatGPT's accuracy is not desired, creating your own LLM is another way to go, however this takes a lot of work. 

Another improvement is to format the output data better, maybe create a word doc instead of a .txt file, this will improve readability and overall user experience. This can be done through the Aspose API, but it costs $.

